we're way up in the clouds this is the
highest you can build a building
anywhere it's sitting and below us the
lights are coming alive so to here in
this bar the 360 bar where we're about
to enjoy a very special dining
experience showing me the sights and
bites at 360 this general manager
Catherine the experienced see the whole
and especially at nighttime the
experience of coming in or in favor
o'clock for cocktail watching the Sun
going down enjoying a cocktail and relax
and we get the call hour and a half to
before you're back to your first view
that we're seeing spinning around very
slowly below us the Opera House the
Sydney Harbour Bridge the harbor itself
and all the buildings eliminators it's
gorgeous absolutely gorgeous and because
of the specialness of the view we have
coming from from everywhere we had
people come in all Sydney ciders we
coming from different parts of Australia
all over the world and when they get
here we have the best experience and
really really lovely gorgeous
contemporary food in the kitchen tonight
I'm dining with head chef George darling
thank you so much thank you will George
this is looking very special so this is
our startup and what we have here is a
tuna done three ways we have our tataki
which is marinated in harissa and that's
so with a little pickled daikon salad
then we have a tartare tuna with a
little fried quail egg on top there was
never seen a marinated tuna over here
with cross with black and white sesame
seeds
okay George what do we have here
so we have the pan fried snapper which
is line-caught from New Zealand lovely
it's nice and sweet this is to die for
oh really that's so healthy too George
so very healthy as well very little
butter mostly cooked in olive oil
mm-hmm we just finished the calamari
with a little bit of butter just at the
end there just a little bit of flavor so
now dessert we're really going to blow
it now with a dessert about week it's
absolutely to die for
oh so if you do feel like something
that's you've had a life white meal so
you don't walk away too uncomfortable
but then that desserts actually to talk
to its a cross-section of menu so you
can literally come here but early with
kids and enjoy the Sun going down or you
can come in series we have a little very
reasons that people
you 360 lot of birthdays a lot of
proposals a lot of diamond rings Wolfie
went home to the other here as you go
around get quite often of an evening may
have fireworks out in the harbor
sometimes you fireworks a darling
harbour and that's a real treat for a
guess what about you you still wear yeah
absolutely changing each day there's
something different and in terms of the
aspect of the view is spectacular we
never gets a note of it it's a long way
to get up here to the you know the top
of the tower and the time you get here
you just the wow factor you come out the
lift single Wow